Update release checklist template (#5850)
wp-cli/wp-cli: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/4-REGULAR_RELEASE_CHECKLIST.md

about: "\U0001F512 Maintainers only: create a checklist for a regular release process"
title: 'Release checklist for v2.x.x'
labels: 'i: scope:distribution'

> assignees: '@wp-cli/maintainers'

Reviewer: I don't think this works, actually:

<img width="347" alt="CleanShot 2023-11-01 at 15 38 48@2x" src="https://github.com/wp-cli/wp-cli/assets/36432/0dce19db-f647-47f2-ab74-293b50545ea4">

We could probably leave it empty.

Author: Hmm only works for reviewers then I guess

---
# Regular Release Checklist - v2.x.x

### Preparation

- [ ] Mention on Slack that a release is being prepared

    People should wait with updating until the announcement. Before that, things are still in motion.

> - [ ] Verify results of [automated test suite](https://github.com/wp-cli/automated-tests)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Verify all tests pass in the [automated test suite](https://github.com/wp-cli/automated-tests)
```

    md5 hash verified: 179fc8dacbfe3ebc2d00ba57a333c982
    New version works. Proceeding to replace.
    Success: Updated WP-CLI to 1.4.0.

>     $ wp @daniel option get home

Reviewer: This was meant as a smoke test...

Author: A smoke test that only works on your machine :-)

What‘s a good alternative?

Reviewer 2: How about:
```
$ wp cli version
WP-CLI 2.8.1
$wp eval 'echo \WP_CLI\Utils\http_request( "GET", "https://api.wordpress.org/core/version-check/1.6/" )->body;' --skip-wordpress
<PHP serialized string with version numbers>
```
That would at the very least test whether the update worked and whether regular execution and the integration with Requests works.
Note: The above example that Daniel provided mostly just tested the SSH subsystem. The entire option retrieval logic is executed on whatever version is installed on his server.

Reviewer: Added in c532c80a

- [ ] Follow this [example PR](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-core/pull/152339) to update version numbers and sha256 for both `wp-cli` and `wp-cli-completion`

### Updating the website

- [ ] Verify <https://github.com/wp-cli/wp-cli.github.com#readme> is up-to-date

- [ ] Update all version references on the homepage (and localized homepages).

    Can be mostly done by using search and replace for the version number and the blog post URL.

- [ ] Update the [roadmap](https://make.wordpress.org/cli/handbook/roadmap/) to mention the current stable version

- [ ] Tag a release of the website

### Announcing

- [ ] Publish the blog post

- [ ] Announce release on the [WP-CLI Twitter account](https://twitter.com/wpcli)

- [ ] Optional: Announce using the `/announce` slash command in the [`#cli`](https://wordpress.slack.com/messages/C02RP4T41) Slack room.

    This pings a lot of people, so it's not always desired. Plus, the blog post will pop up on Slack anyway.

### Bumping WP-CLI version again

- [ ] Bump [VERSION](https://github.com/wp-cli/wp-cli/blob/master/VERSION) in [`wp-cli/wp-cli`](https://github.com/wp-cli/wp-cli) again.

>     For instance, if the release version was `0.24.0`, the version should be bumped to `0.25.0-alpha`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For instance, if the release version was `2.8.0`, the version should be bumped to `2.9.0-alpha`. 
```
